# README

This template is used to create heroes for Across the Obelisk in association with the Obeliskial Essentials and Obeliskial Content mods.

## How To Use

1. Download/clone this repo
2. Setup your workspace by copying the game assemblies to a `!libs` folder two levels up from where this repository is downloaded. Alternatively, use those found [here](https://github.com/binbinmods/-libs)
3. Replace "CharacterToReplace" with your chosen character's name for all file names with that present
4. Use Find and Replace "CharacterToReplace" with your chosen character's name
5. Replace "SubclassToReplace" with your chosen character's subclass id (no spaces)
6. Replace "DescriptionToReplace" with the description you want to appear on Thunderstore.
7. Fill out the [Hero Creation Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JU52nKx3Qi-Qhsw4upqWr71mGhB0QjaeG0-cOhaQ5B8/edit?usp=sharing)
8. Download your Hero Creation Spreadsheet (ideally as `HeroName.xlsx`). Save it into this directory.
9. Update and Run `loadFromExcel.py`. This should be pre-configured to create all the files in the appropriate places, but you should check to make sure `excel_file_name` properly matches your `.xlsx` file.
10. Update the PostBuildEvents of the `.csproj` file to copy the .dll to your local game (save you from having to copy and paste it or the like)
11. Update the `ship_mod.py` file (specifically `bepinex_dir` should be changed to the location of your BepInEx folder). This file copies the the remainder of the files over to the appropriate locations.
12. Create your traits in the `Traits.cs` file. Building should now automatically copy the dll and accessory files to your local game.
13. Create your custom cards/enchantments using the [Card Creator](https://code.secretsisters.gay/AtO_Custom). Add those to `~/CharacterToReplace/BepInEx/Obeliskial_importing/CharacterToReplace/card` and any associated sprites to `~/CharacterToReplace/BepInEx/Obeliskial_importing/CharacterToReplace/sprite`. These folders should have been generated by `loadFromExcel.py`
14. Add the visuals for Silhouettes, Portraits, and cardback to the `~/CharacterToReplace/BepInEx/Obeliskial_importing/CharacterToReplace/sprite` folder.
15. Optional: If you wish to alter the skin of your hero, then you need to create a separate Sprite Map in the `~/sprite` folder along with updating the skin json file to reference that Sprite Map
16. Optional: Create a Summary for your character so people can easily see what the character does. Save that summary to `~/Assets`.
17. Test your mod (sorry I don't have a testing suite made yet)
